Mission execution update (#73)
OceanGlidersCommunity/Salinity_SOP: sections/salinity_mission_execution.md

Recently, gliders have been deployed from an AutoNaut (UEA). 
If sensor caps are required, these should be removed before the glider enters the water. 

:::{figure-md} glider-deployment
<img src="../images/giddy_SA_Agulhas.png" alt="Glider deployment" class="bg-primary mb-1" width="600px">

 Deployment of Seaglider using a winch (S.A Agulhas II). (Figure credit: Isabelle Giddy)
:::

> Gliders' recovery is often performed by a small boat, while the manufacturer' s guidelines should be followed during the procedure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gliders' recovery is often performed by a small boat, while the manufacturer's guidelines should be followed during the procedure.
```
